Documentation (#7)
marmelab/solid-admin: packages/admin/docs/Create.md

# `<Create>`

The `<Create>` component is responsible for showing a form to create a record.

It leverages the dataProvider `create` method.

> It's an headless components that provide its features through the `RecordContext` and `SaveContext` and leave the UI responsibility to its children. One such children is the `<SimpleForm>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's an headless components that provides its features through the `RecordContext` and `SaveContext` and leaves the UI responsibility to its children. One such child is the `<SimpleForm>`.
```

## Props

- `resource`: Optional. The name of the targeted resource. It will be inferred from the `ResourceContext`.
- `redirect`: Optional. Where to redirect to after a successful create. Can be `"list"`, `"edit"`, `"show"`, `false`, a custom path or a function accepting the record and returning a path.
- `meta`: Optional. Metadata to pass to the dataProvider methods.

> - `mutationOptions`: Optional. Solid-Query options for the `create` request.

Reviewer: Maybe add a link to the Solid-Query docs?
